split events to avoid confusing users (#3143)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Gateway.md

| [Update Voice State](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/update-voice-state)       | joins, moves, or disconnects the client from a voice channel |
| [Update Presence](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/update-presence)             | updates a client's presence                                  |

###### Gateway Opcodes

> These events do not have a event type specified, but are identified solely on operation code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These events do not have a event type, and are identified solely by opcode.
```

> Events are payloads sent over the socket to a client. Events with an operation code of 0 regards changes in the Discord state, while 
> those with a higher op code affects only the websocket connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ###### Gateway Operation Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Gateway Opcodes
```

| 1  | [Heartbeat](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/heartbeat)                                         | you must send a heartbeat to discord                                                                                             |
| 7  | [Reconnect](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/reconnect)                                         | server is going away, client should reconnect to gateway and resume                                                              |
| 9  | [Invalid Session](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/invalid-session)                             | failure response to [Identify](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/identify) or [Resume](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/resume) or invalid active session |
| 10 | [Hello](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/hello)                                                 | defines the heartbeat interval                                                                                                   |
| 11 | [Heartbeat ACK](#DOCS_TOPICS_GATEWAY/heartbeat-ack)                                 | heartbeat confirmation                                                                                                           |

###### Gateway Events

> Events are [Dispatch](...) payloads that correspond to changes in Discord state.

Reviewer: actually since we don't have a specific section for this, no link might be better for now.

```suggestion
Events are Dispatch payloads that correspond to changes in Discord state.
```

> ###### Gateway State Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Gateway Events

Events are [Dispatch](...) payloads that correspond to events in Discord.
```

Reviewer 2: What's with the `...`?
Will this be updated with a URL in the future or is that something the Docs generator you use can recognize and handle?
